charts/cosmotech-business-webapp/README.md, before:

# cosmotech-business-webapp

![Version: 0.2.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

Cosmo Tech Business Web Application

- [Homepage](https://cosmotech.com)
- [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

## Compatibility

| Chart version | Compatible Cosmo Tech Webapp versions           | Compatible Cosmo Tech API versions |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| 0.1           | >= 7.0.0-beta (_instance-specific_ server only) | 4.0.0-onprem                       |
| >= 0.2        | >= 7.0.0-beta                                   | 4.0.0-onprem                       |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/Cosmo-Tech/azure-sample-webapp>

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| ingress.enabled | bool | `true` | whether to deploy the ingress for the webapp server and functions |
| keycloak.realmUrl | string | `""` | URL of the keycloak realm that authenticates the users of the webapp. Required to validate user tokens in the webapp functions. (e.g. https://mytenant.cosmotech.com/keycloak/realms/myrealm) |
| name | string | `"cosmotech-business-webapp"` | prefix of the deployments, ingress and services that will be created |
| powerbi.clientId | string | `""` | client id of the app registration that delivers PowerBI tokens for the GetEmbedInfo function |
| powerbi.clientSecret | string | `""` | client secret of the app registration that delivers PowerBI tokens for the GetEmbedInfo function |
| powerbi.tenantId | string | `""` | tenant id of the app registration that delivers PowerBI tokens for the GetEmbedInfo function |
| resources | object | `{"limits":{"cpu":"1000m","memory":"256Mi"},"requests":{"cpu":"200m","memory":"128Mi"}}` | resource limits for the webapp server pod |
| webapp.domainName | string | `""` | domain name to use to host the webapp server (e.g. mytenant.cosmotech.com) |
| webapp.functions.image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | [policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#updating-images) to pull the image |
| webapp.functions.image.pullSecret | string | `""` | name of the secret containing registry credentials to pull private images (e.g. cosmotech-business-webapp-brewery-registry) |
| webapp.functions.image.repository | string | `""` | container image to use for webapp functions (e.g. ghcr.io/cosmo-tech/azure-sample-webapp/webapp-functions) |
| webapp.functions.image.tag | string | `"latest"` | container image tag |
| webapp.functions.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | node selector for webapp functions deployment |
| webapp.publicUrl | string | `""` | URL path to use as root of the webapp (e.g. /cosmotech-webapp/brewery) |
| webapp.server.image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | [policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#updating-images) to pull the image |
| webapp.server.image.pullSecret | string | `""` | name of the secret containing registry credentials to pull private images (e.g. cosmotech-business-webapp-brewery-registry) |
| webapp.server.image.repository | string | `""` | container image to use as webapp server (e.g. ghcr.io/cosmo-tech/azure-sample-webapp/webapp-server) |
| webapp.server.image.tag | string | `"latest"` | container image tag |
| webapp.server.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | node selector for webapp server deployment |

Commit message:

docs: update compatibility matrix & generated docs of cosmotech-business-webapp chart

charts/cosmotech-business-webapp/README.md, after:

# cosmotech-business-webapp

![Version: 0.2.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.2-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

Cosmo Tech Business Web Application

- [Homepage](https://cosmotech.com)
- [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

## Compatibility

| Chart version | Compatible Cosmo Tech Webapp versions           | Compatible Cosmo Tech API versions |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| 0.1           | >= 7.0.0-beta (_instance-specific_ server only) | 4.0.0-onprem                       |
| >= 0.2        | >= 7.0.0-beta                                   | 4.0.0-onprem                       |
| >= 0.2        | >= 7.0.0-sphinx                                 | 5.0.0-rc                           |

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/Cosmo-Tech/azure-sample-webapp>

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| cosmotech.apiUrl | string | `""` | URL of the Cosmo Tech API used by the webapp (e.g. https://mytenant.cosmotech.com/mytenant/v5) |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `true` | whether to deploy the ingress for the webapp server and functions |
| keycloak.realmUrl | string | `""` | URL of the keycloak realm that authenticates the users of the webapp. Required to validate user tokens in the webapp functions. (e.g. https://mytenant.cosmotech.com/keycloak/realms/myrealm) |
| name | string | `"cosmotech-business-webapp"` | prefix of the deployments, ingress and services that will be created |
| powerbi.clientId | string | `""` | client id of the app registration that delivers PowerBI tokens for the GetEmbedInfo function |
| powerbi.clientSecret | string | `""` | client secret of the app registration that delivers PowerBI tokens for the GetEmbedInfo function |
| powerbi.tenantId | string | `""` | tenant id of the app registration that delivers PowerBI tokens for the GetEmbedInfo function |
| resources | object | `{"limits":{"cpu":"1000m","memory":"256Mi"},"requests":{"cpu":"200m","memory":"128Mi"}}` | resource limits for the webapp server pod |
| superset.apiUrl | string | `""` | URL of the Superset instance API. This is required to fetch guest tokens, when Superset dashboards are embedded in the webapp. (e.g. http://superset-web.mytenant.svc.cluster.local/api/v1) |
| superset.superuser.password | string | `""` | Superset user password to use as credentials when calling superset /login endpoint, in order to generate guest tokens for Superset |
| superset.superuser.username | string | `""` | Superset user name to use as credentials when calling superset /login endpoint, in order to generate guest tokens for Superset |
| webapp.domainName | string | `""` | domain name to use to host the webapp server (e.g. mytenant.cosmotech.com) |
| webapp.functions.image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | [policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#updating-images) to pull the image |
| webapp.functions.image.pullSecret | string | `""` | name of the secret containing registry credentials to pull private images (e.g. cosmotech-business-webapp-brewery-registry) |
| webapp.functions.image.repository | string | `""` | container image to use for webapp functions (e.g. ghcr.io/cosmo-tech/azure-sample-webapp/webapp-functions) |
| webapp.functions.image.tag | string | `"latest"` | container image tag |
| webapp.functions.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | node selector for webapp functions deployment |
| webapp.functions.tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations for webapp functions deployment |
| webapp.publicUrl | string | `""` | URL path to use as root of the webapp (e.g. /cosmotech-webapp/brewery) |
| webapp.server.image.pullPolicy | string | `"Always"` | [policy](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#updating-images) to pull the image |
| webapp.server.image.pullSecret | string | `""` | name of the secret containing registry credentials to pull private images (e.g. cosmotech-business-webapp-brewery-registry) |
| webapp.server.image.repository | string | `""` | container image to use as webapp server (e.g. ghcr.io/cosmo-tech/azure-sample-webapp/webapp-server) |
| webapp.server.image.tag | string | `"latest"` | container image tag |
| webapp.server.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | node selector for webapp server deployment |
| webapp.server.tolerations | list | `[]` | tolerations for webapp server deployment |
